Coming from a beautiful prayer circle professor touch
My wife and I are very different.
I am right-handed, but my wife is left-handed.
So follow the habit and put the soup bowl on your left side.
* I do not think ,,, thing touches a nerve disorder
I am a polar world.
There should be four occasions .
Move the month unconditional pardon the late Nam
But inside of me it is a cornucopia .
The costs must sleep overnight while three abilities tu-whit
There is no corner
I drink a cup of water and wash the cup immediately
Somebody's got to do it, and it's always a job to do,
Maybe not.
But my wife is not big.
I will sprout until there is no bowl to take out of the cupboard.
I get tired at the same time .
I am a pre-prepared style
Unlike me, my wife is not in a good mood to put on make-up in a time to leave .
Go to the debt.
The lid of the cosmetic cap touches and makes a summer
I do not know it .
In the thus reduced the fine to fly two come home
What a lot of money to give solder fought expansion poured wet dip the makeup system rather four freshwater
Want poured freshwater is why I am on pole appointment
There are few enemies
I can not endure it later, but the castle economy is pushing
Okay if you only resurrected Jesus bowed his busy midst Sam Pressed for what
Neulgi can come kyeonotgo could've
To those who can not arrange things like you
The first message of you wanted to say how important it is organized nine eggs
Do you believe in your resurrection and believe in harmony?
So when the wife has driven the need to build heard a voice in the sky
Child
It 's not you, it's not you.
I thought it was a shock too big, so I braked myself ice
I had to.
What are my gifts?
But unexpectedly, I can easily find the application
Discomfort and complaints in the brain
That is his gift .
Temyeon day my wife does not put things in place, the paper Babble
I can not even see the dingo.
So there is nothing uncomfortable.
But I have a pattern in a moment
This means that I am angry chiminda Jenga is an excellent gift to organized than my wife
Party
God has given this gift the purpose of putting the other's heart out,
I do not feel clothed and use
The gift is a gift that I gave my beloved person a boob .
There is a fact.
I should not put in the performances and the gifts I have
The fact that there is a lid closure
Since then, my attitude toward my wife has changed.
When my wife sat in makeup, I approached her.
And this is all done.
Then you can get two .
Yeah. So this also touches
Now I close the lid .
But the amazing name.
I will even thou not hit well enough
Tteunji locked country in the world, you hear me now ask beans open up
My change, not my wife's change
That sorcerer is my favorite prayer.
Oh, when I was young,
I prayed that carried enough power to change the world
But when I 'm middle age , I know how life goes without sails.
Have been
So I prayed with him to lead me to live in peace .
But always , when I look back on life, I realize my stupidity .
I came to know
My prayer now is
I want you to change me.
Magna if I offered this prayer from the first half of my life will have
Will
Once again in my chest I say that the change is a shortcut to change others
It is my pleasure.